with the first pick in the 2014 NFL
Draft the Houston Texans select Jadeveon
Clowney Savannah
so the tears are flowing six-foot-five
266 pounds
he's got 34 and a half inch arms and he
ran a ridiculous 4 5 3 at 266 pounds
this kid is explosive he flashes in
every game and while I try to tell
people's when he woke up this morning in
a very nice hotel room he was the most
talented defensive lineman on the planet
but really did knock on him is that he's
not always consistent we're going to go
back in Los Angeles and Warren Sapp
critical of this young man do you have
to say I don't have a problem would have
been the number one pick Mike because
when you look at him on tape
you see those spots and those flashes
that you talk about and you understand
why he's so special and he's a rare
talent and okay you got to do is look at
his residue you don't find a young man
that did that fast that strong every day
he's at once every 15 year talent he's
the number one player Houston has their
work cut out for him getting them in
that 3 for paying him with JJ Watt and
you let them go after Andrew Luck
because that's the task
as flowey steps up there were these new
Houston Texans Jersey
and his new life
the Houston Texans who went into last
season with super bowl aspirations yes
but wound up being 2 and 14 and able to
select should Davi cloudy number one
overall prime I see tears man explained
you emotions
saved my life man I've been wanting to
shrink from it forever it's finally here
I'm out appreciate I'm gonna go I don't
work hard for the Texans man do
everything I can't help the program in
all the may singing that hatin bother
you no sir I know what I can do on my
fear I was ready to go ahead and prove
to these guys that is not with me and
just go ahead work playing with JJ Watt
is that a dream country as his great
jokes are watching this guy since I been
coming up for the last year the college
orange ready to be the side we'll get
the work what did mama say well she's
right about this no more
I see what one absolutely god bless you
man
mic take it away yeah we've talked about
him ad nauseam let's take a peek at your
Davian clowny now when you talk about
explosive off the edge he's got Linc
he's got first step quickness and he has
explosion he loves the inside swim both
in the run game then the pass can see in
the NFL he's gonna have to learn not to
use that all the time but here's the one
thing that bothers me he didn't have a
very good game against Clemson and when
he got blocked by Brandon Thomas he
stayed blocked so the criticism on this
young man is that he flashes explosion
every game but he doesn't do it enough
and really I think what Houston has to
do is get him in that defensive lying
room with JJ Watt there d-line coach
bill caller who's been around this
league a long time and I think the young
man just has to understand moods how
important it is not not to catch the
check but become the most dominant
player in the league because that's what
your talent demands I believe he's on
the exact right team because of JJ Watt
bill Koehler Romeo Crennel scheme and he
reminds me of a little bit of the guy
named Willie McGinest who works for us
right now
remember when Willie came out he was the
fourth pick in the draft in 93 both of
these guys are six five they're the same
strength than the bench press they were
used strictly as pass rushers in college
in fact Willie McGinest his production
went down from 16 to 6 his last year
just like Jadeveon Clowney z' went down
from 13 to 3 people start throwing the
ball quicker started chipping starting
to get rid of it because he was a factor
Willie McGinest happens to be the
all-time sack leader in the history of
the playoffs both are great players and
Jadeveon Clowney to know this guy a long
time ago three years ago fellas when I
was coaching the Under Armour
all-american game and he was the best
kid coming out of high school he was on
my team Mike big win well yeah we're
coming down to the last thing and we
needed a sack I said clown come over
here I need it right now baby oh yeah
game over